ladies and gentlemen do I have some news
for you so do you remember a video I
covered a few months ago actually
revolving rock band 4 on next-gen ps4
and xbox one I should be seeing Kuragin
nowadays because it is the current gen
if you don't have those consoles than
you on the old gen ok I'm sorry but it's
the truth so on Twitter rock band asked
us to fill out this survey asking us a
bunch of questions about whether or not
you would buy a new rock band game what
would make you buy it what do you think
it needs and it's just spoiling it just
totally give away the fact that they are
working on a new rock band and I got
really high for this I'm actually buying
rock band one and two for ps3 because I
missed the game so much i added on the
wii but i sold the weed i'm getting the
game again on amazon because that's the
only place i can find it the whole
bundle on ps3 and it's pretty expensive
are getting it for what 250 bucks I know
but I miss it and I wanted I'm throwing
a party as well so I want to play with
my friends I don't want to keep it and
play it play the drums and stuff i miss
it so you gotta be careful when you're
selling games you know you got it really
be wise and stuff like that i know when
you don't got money when you a gamer
sometimes you're like I'm just gonna
sell on my games oh there's a controller
i'm selling that oh that's uncharted i'm
selling that booth there goes I'm be a
2k but no no no no no no I would advise
you to keep it unless you got money
unless you're getting paid you got a
solid job like I do now so by the looks
of things they are working on your new
rock band I would advise you to check
the link in the description there's
going to be a survey coming from
harmonix themselves asking you a bunch
of questions for wrong man if you are a
fan if you ever played it if you own the
game still click the link in the
description ok and answer all the
questions submitted do not roll the
survey because I really want them to
release this new Kermit chain rock band
game and they asked if you are
interested in them selling the game with
a bundle or only a disc they ask you
questions like if you kept the
instruments or do you only have the disc
by this i'm assuming they're going to
decide whether or not
should make new instruments and sell
them as a bundle which would be a little
bit more tedious and would take more
money to do or they could just sell like
this but in my survey I said that know
me they better make some new instruments
cuz the old ones can get improved so
yeah they better add some new
instruments I know rock band 3 had a
keyboard which not many people really
liked but I think in my opinion rod
venture was the best rock band of all
time so yeah if you are interested in
this go into the description and fill
out that survey if this happens to
actually be a new rock band game while I
my sub harmonics I want you to know if
you're watching this if anybody from
harmonix is watching this right now I
want you to know that you guys are
working on a new rock band game I never
knew Rodman game is coming up I'm going
to promote you guys like crazy I'm gonna
advertise you guys like crazy because
I'm a big fan and I miss the good old
rock band aids okay two thousand seven
eight nine ten where the years when I
play this game all the time and I
actually miss it and I regret selling it
on the wii but I'm gonna get it again so
hopefully this will be epic and
hopefully don't have an even better
soundtrack I always wish they could
implement you know different songs not
just rock I wish you were more you know
someone's that I listed tubas iose don't
listen to rock rock band actually got me
into some rock songs and just by playing
the games I got interested in lots of
other rock band songs and I got
influenced by some artists that I never
heard before in my home so it's a good
opportunity to learn but at the same
time I wish they had other music you
know my type of music such as pop maybe
R&B hip-hop and in the newer augments
they did bring out some you know
different artists such as about Marley
Michael Jackson even I was in guitar
hero world tour actually Elton John Jimi
Hendrix people you would not see in rock
band 1 were in rock band 3 so yeah
hopefully they can expand the songlist
make it bigger better and a little bit
more diverse which they're doing every
time they're releasing new rock band
game but this new game should be coming
out on ps4 and xbox one for the first
time so this is going to be
you and I am height would you buy a new
rock band game let me know any volume
thoughts in the comment section below
don't forget to fill out the survey in
the description share this video so that
the word goes out leave a like comment
subscribe and I'm out oh yeah and you
can talk me in the comment section below
this is a question I'm asking you guys
what bad what type of music what songs
would you like to see in the new rock
band you can leave all your thoughts in
the comment section below does anybody
remember how popular the rock band
franchise was 56 years ago oh man I
remember it like it was yesterday